do you like eclairs yeah do you like ice
pops absolutely well that's what we're
making we're making ripple Eclair pops
all in one
[Music]
this is the ultimate ice-cream lolly
enveloped in an irresistible crispy
chocolate shell
[Music]
first of all the eclairs to make the
choux pastry at a hundred and
twenty-five milliliters of milk to the
same of water and a hundred and
twenty-five grams of butter
I just want to heat the milk and the
water up until the butters melted that's
it
add a pinch of salt and 2 teaspoons of
castor sugar to 150 grams of plain flour
as soon as you've got that flour in
there spatula straight in and give it a
really good mix and what that's doing is
that's cooking that flour out a little
bit and you can see as I mix it it's
just coming together into one Mound let
that cool which ball very slowly adding
four beaten eggs and then give it a
really good stir little that time don't
be tempted to put all of it in at once
patience is a virtue when you're making
choux
this is the kind of thing that I like to
teach my kids all the time I'm like guys
who wants to learn how to make sure
pastry come and mix keep mixing until
you've added all your egg drop that off
the spatula oh it should be left with is
a v-shape that's perfect for the perfect
declares I always take the time to pipe
push forward pull back and then flick
keep going click forward perfect every
time top tip put your finger in some
water and then just dab the top and then
you're gonna get a lovely smooth rounded
Eclair the ovens at 180 right now so
really nice and hot and now I'm gonna
reduce the oven to 160 and we'll whack
these straight in for 25 minutes so
that's the tricky bit down now for the
really really easy really simple bit our
raspberry ripple ice cream - whipped
double cream add golden syrup two
tablespoons of icing sugar and a splash
of vanilla essence there's no way you
can have a get-together in the summer
and not have some sort of ice cream
you've got to and raspberry ripple is my
absolute favorite to make it explode
with summer flavor pureed raspberries
fresh or frozen look at the color on
that gorgeous we're gonna drop that
straight in there drizzle it all over
and then ripple it can you see those
gorgeous ripples so easy and utterly
delicious and that's gonna go straight
into our eclairs
[Music]
check those out you should be able to
hear it they're lovely and crisp and
they hollow pierce the eclairs to let
the steam escape and pop them back in
the oven to crisp up for five minutes
once they're fully cooled you're ready
for an ice pop spectacular like you see
when I'm squeezing you can see that it's
filling up and then I'm gonna kind of
twist it around and fill up the other
side but you know it's full when it's
heavy
so that's those filled and now this is
the pop bit this is what makes them an
ice lolly lolly sticks so grab one of
these and then just kind of poke it
straight in she'll got enough just to
hold here we can all buy ice lollies but
this is just so much more fun it's like
a little bit of everything and now I'm
gonna stick these in the freezer for at
least an hour
presentation at a party is everything
here's an impressive frozen centerpiece
that couldn't be simpler but some filled
with flower petals and then we've got
mint and then I've got this lovely slab
filled with herbs
we're gonna go all out
[Music]
let's get these pops in there summer
party dresses a treat is not a treat
without chocolate you can just grab one
of these pops and these are frozen
remember so I'm gonna dip them straight
in roasted hazelnuts on top and then I'm
gonna pop that straight onto the ice
it'll sit straight away I'm gonna dip
this one in some white I think we're
gonna put some dehydrated strawberries
on that think of all the things that you
could put on top whatever you want how
pretty does that look everything about
this makes me smile
what's not to love just look at that
pile of beautiful eclair goodness
[Music]